Welcome. We're happy to share some encouraging updates with you.
Since our last update, two special conventions were held in Harare, Zimbabwe, and one was
held in Colombo, Sri Lanka. They combined peak attendance was over 64,600 at these locations,
and 1,330 were baptized. More than 7,000 delegates came from over 20 lands. Beginning with the
2026 convention series, the term special conventions will be replaced with international conventions.
We'll have international conventions of varying sizes each year. As announced in our last update,
we'll hold 19 international conventions around the world in 2026.
Delegates will enjoy sharing in the field ministry,
associating with local brothers and sisters, and taking part in other activities.
In August 2025, a new visitor's center was opened at the Central Europe branch office,
located in Shelter's Germany. Let's take a look. A highlight of the visitor's center is the new
Bible Museum, featuring the theme, and there was light, the history of the Bible in German.
This unique Bible Museum tells the story of the rich history and enduring impact of the German Bible.
Visitors can see rare and fascinating Bibles produced during the very early years of Bible printing.
Visitors will see how the Bible was initially printed in Latin, but later began to be printed
in the German language. The museum also shows how the printing and distribution of the German Bible
stimulated the production of the Bible in other European languages.
Local news media covered the museum opening and highlighted the museum's educational value.
We invite you to visit this new museum at the Central Europe branch office. You can request a
tour via jw.org. As Jehovah's people, we view the Bible as more than a vital piece of history.
It's more than just a good book. We need Jehovah's direction, just like we need food, clothing,
and shelter. That's how Jehovah created us.
Jesus highlighted this truth in a simple but powerful statement recorded at Matthew 5-3.
Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need since the kingdom of the heavens belongs to them.
To be truly happy, we must be aware of our spiritual need and take steps to satisfy it.
But what does it mean to be conscious of our spiritual need?
The original Greek expression conveys the idea of being a beggar for the spirit.
Picture a person in rags, crouched on a street corner. He's weak from hunger and exposed to
the elements. He begs for help to improve his lot in life. Now what's the point?
A person who is conscious of his spiritual need knows that he needs Jehovah's help and he eagerly
seeks it. What qualities must we have in order to be conscious of our spiritual need?
Let's see what we learn from the account of the Phoenician woman. It's described at Matthew
chapter 15 verses 22 through 28. Notice how she approached Jesus and interacted with him.
It says, and look, a Phoenician woman from that region came and cried out. Have mercy on me,
Lord, son of David. My daughter is cruelly demon possessed, but he did not say a word in
answer to her. So his disciples came and began to urge him, send her away, because she keeps cried out
after us. He answered, I was not sent to anyone except to the lost sheep of the house of Israel,
but the woman came and did obeisance to him, saying, Lord, help me. In answer, he said,
it is not right to take the bread of the children and throw it to the little dogs. She said, yes,
Lord, but really the little dogs do eat of the crumbs falling from the table of their masters.
Then Jesus replied to her, oh woman, great is your faith. Let it happen to you as you wish.
And her daughter was healed from that hour on. This woman was a Gentile, a Phoenician.
Yet she approached Jesus with a desperate plea. Have mercy on me. At first Jesus didn't respond.
Then he said, he was sent only to the lost sheep of Israel.
And finally, he used an illustration that likened her to a little dog. How would you have
reacted? Would you have felt insulted or even given up? This woman didn't. She showed three
beautiful qualities that can help us to satisfy our spiritual need. Here they are, humility,
persistence and faith. Because she was humble, she didn't argue or take offense. She accepted
her position and still appealed to Jesus' mercy. She was persistent. She kept asking
even when the disciples urged Jesus to send her away. And she had strong faith. She believed
Jesus could help her, even if all she got were the crumbs of his attention.
Jesus was so moved by her faith that he did something remarkable. He healed her daughter,
even though she was not an Israelite. This account teaches us that Jehovah and Jesus are eager
to help those who are truly conscious of their spiritual need. Like the Phoenician woman,
we must develop humility, persistence and faith. Earlier, we likened our spiritual need to our
physical needs, things like food, clothing and shelter. But how can we gain spiritual food,
clothing and shelter? Let's see how Jehovah provides these for us. First,
let's think about spiritual food. Before Jesus ascended to heaven, he told the apostle Peter,
feed my little sheep. Peter did just that. Jehovah even urged him to write two letters that
became part of the Bible. But Peter also needed to nourish himself with spiritual food. For example,
he studied the inspired letters that the apostle Paul wrote. Peter acknowledged that some of the
things Paul wrote about were hard to understand amen. But Peter didn't give up. He had faith
that Jehovah would help him to understand and apply the solid food in those inspired letters.
Like Peter, we must regularly feed on the truths of God's Word. We must develop an appetite
for a solid spiritual food, truths that may be hard to understand at first. Of course, this takes
time and effort, but it's worth it. His strengthens our love for Jehovah and it motivates us to tell
others about him. What about the spiritual clothing? At Colossians 3, 9 and 10, the apostle Paul
wrote, strip off the old personality with its practices and clothe yourselves with the new
personality. Paul lived those words. Before he was a Christian, he had a hot temper.
Acts 9-1 says that he was so angry with the disciples of Jesus that he was
breathing threat and murder against them. After Saul had a miraculous vision of Jesus,
he was moved to repent. But his work didn't end there. Paul had to keep pummeling his body,
fighting his imperfections. And with Jehovah's help, he stripped off his negative traits.
He clothe himself with the new personality. We want to do the same. No matter how long we've
been serving Jehovah, we need to keep working at it. At times, we might become discouraged. We
thought we had already stripped it all off. And then we noticed that some part of that old
personality has reappeared. What do we do? We keep stripping it off and keep putting on the new
personality. That's the wonderful spiritual clothing that Jehovah supplies. To be truly happy,
we need more than spiritual food and spiritual clothing. What do we need? We also need spiritual
shelter. King David spoke about it at Psalm 27-5. Speaking of Jehovah, David wrote,
for he will hide me in his shelter on the day of calamity. He will conceal me in the secret
place of his tent. High on a rock, he will place me. When David obeyed Jehovah, he was protected
from the harm that comes to those who willfully stand. But when David ignored God's standards,
Jehovah did not shelter him from the consequences. We can imitate David by seeking Jehovah's
counsel when we make decisions. At times, we may suffer hardship, not because Jehovah has failed
to shelter us, but because we've made poor decisions. At other times, we may face trials
through no fault of our own. What do we do then? We pour out our heart to Jehovah in prayer. And
what does Jehovah do? He guards our hearts and our thoughts. He'll protect us from anything that
could permanently harm our faith. We're grateful that Jehovah provides spiritual food, clothing,
and shelter. Thanks to Jehovah, we have everything we need to survive. And to be truly happy,
remember Jesus' words at Matthew 5-3? Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need. To help
us remember this key to happiness. Matthew 5-3 has been chosen as the year text for 2026.
May we never forget these vital words. Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.
We're also excited to announce a new original song based on Matthew 5-3. It's entitled My
Spiritual Need. This new song beautifully expresses our desire to keep feeding our faith and walking
with Jehovah. We look forward to singing this new song together at the upcoming annual meeting.
It will become song 162 in our songbook. It's now available for download in English and in a number
of other languages. Additional languages will be added as they become available.
Remember brothers, to be conscious of our spiritual need, we must remain humble, be persistent,
and have strong faith in our God, Jehovah. With the help of those wonderful qualities,
we will feel our spiritual need every day. And once more, we'll be truly happy.
Brothers and sisters, we love you all very much. From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting.